refactor: make lint rules name consistent (#408)
stjude-rust-labs/wdl: wdl-lint/RULES.md

Reviewer: just an FYI, I have a vim plugin I use for formatting this table. Don't worry about lining up all the spaces manually. Just ping me once you have all the edits for this file, and I can make a formatting commit for you in 2 seconds. Don't want to waste your time with something tedious or make you install something just for this!

Author: okay. im not formatting this file, i'll do it after ive covered all the rules

im just doing `cdo` all over the codebase😅, i hope to not accidentally commit those changes in changelog

Author: i have `prettier` installed as formatter thanks!

Reviewer: can you sort this table? Alphabetically?

## Lint Rules

| Name                        | Tags                          | Description                                                                                       |
| :-------------------------- | :---------------------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `ElementSpacing`            | Spacing                       | Ensures proper blank space between elements                                                       |
| `CallInputSpacing`          | Clarity, Spacing, Style       | Ensures proper spacing for call inputs                                                            |
| `CommandSectionIndentation` | Clarity, Correctness, Spacing | Ensures consistent indentation (no mixed spaces/tabs) within command sections.                    |
| `CommentWhitespace`         | Spacing                       | Ensures that comments are properly spaced.                                                        |

> | `ContainerUri`              | Clarity, Portability          | Ensures that the value for `container` keys in `runtime`/`requirements` sections are well-formed. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ContainerUri`              | Clarity, Portability          | Ensures that the value for the `container` key in `runtime`/`requirements` sections is well-formed. |
```

| `OutputName`                | Naming                        | Ensures output names are meaningful (e.g., not generic like 'output', 'out', or too short).       |
| `DoubleQuotes`              | Clarity, Style                | Ensures that strings are defined using double quotes.                                             |
| `EndingNewline`             | Spacing, Style                | Ensures that documents end with a single newline character.                                       |
| `ExpressionSpacing`         | Spacing                       | Ensures that expressions are properly spaced.                                                     |
| `ImportPlacement`           | Clarity, Sorting              | Ensures that imports are placed between the version statement and any document items.             |
| `ImportSorted`              | Clarity, Style                | Ensures that imports are sorted lexicographically.                                                |
| `ImportWhitespace`          | Clarity, Spacing, Style       | Ensures that there is no extraneous whitespace between or within imports.                         |

> | `ConsistentNewlines`        | Clarity, Style                | Ensures that newlines are used consistently within the file.                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ConsistentNewlines`        | Clarity, Style                | Ensures that `\n` or `\r\n` newlines are used consistently within the file.                                      |
```

| `LineWidth`                 | Clarity, Spacing, Style       | Ensures that lines do not exceed a certain width.                                                 |
| `LintDirectiveFormatted`    | Clarity, Correctness          | Ensures lint directives are correctly formatted.                                                  |
| `ParameterMetaMatched`      | Completeness, Sorting         | Ensures that inputs have a matching entry in a `parameter_meta` section.                          |
| `LintDirectiveValid`        | Clarity, Correctness          | Ensures lint directives are placed correctly to have the intended effect.                         |
| `MetaSections`              | Clarity, Completeness         | Ensures that tasks and workflows have the required `meta` and `parameter_meta` sections.          |
| `OutputSection`             | Completeness, Portability     | Ensures that tasks and workflows have an `output` section.                                        |
| `RequirementsSection`       | Completeness, Portability     | Ensures that >=v1.2 tasks have a requirements section.                                            |

> | `RuntimeSection`            | Completeness, Portability     | Ensures that tasks have a runtime section.                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `RuntimeSection`            | Completeness, Portability     | Ensures that <v1.2 tasks have a runtime section.                                                        |
```
